README.md, before:

# Group work - Team 2 
1) Configured Github for the team.
- Create and cloned repo 
- Tested creating separate branches and pull request to make sure things were working on everyone's machine.
2) Create a VIM in Azure
- Downloaded and shared perm key (because we didn't want to use Azure SDK due to it being slow)
- Made sure that everyone could connect to the VIM from their computers.
3) Create directory structure for the assignment (in visual studio code)
- To make sure that we all had the same structure and configs (DB connection) before starting to work in individual branches.
5) Create Localstorage and database
6) Make sure that everyone was connected to database.
7) Create tables for the database (with error handling)
8) Create API and service 
9) Create reporting software
10) Upload to storage blob
11) Create methods to write inputs into database.
12) Create additional table (method to calculate work hours, starttime,endtime,lunchbreak)
13) Expand db connection solution (Azure key vault instead of database.ini)
14) Expand interface

Commit message:

Basic frontend for creating new db entries and rendering from db created

README.md, after:

# Group work - Team 2 
1) Configured Github for the team.
- Create and cloned repo 
- Tested creating separate branches and pull request to make sure things were working on everyone's machine.
2) Create a VIM in Azure
- Downloaded and shared perm key (because we didn't want to use Azure SDK due to it being slow)
- Made sure that everyone could connect to the VIM from their computers.
3) Create directory structure for the assignment (in visual studio code)
- To make sure that we all had the same structure and configs (DB connection) before starting to work in individual branches.
5) Create Localstorage and database
6) Make sure that everyone was connected to database.
7) Create tables for the database (with error handling)
8) Create API and service 
- Create and test CURD methods
9) Create reporting software
- Create method to fetch daily working hours from database 
- Convert to dataframe for easier processing
- Create nice-looking text file and upload to blob storage.
10) Upload to storage blob
- Confirm that text file was indeed uploaded.
11) Create date validations (for when creating and updating database input)
12) Create cron job so that a report is created and uploaded once a day.
13) Expand db connection solution (Azure key vault instead of database.ini)
14) Expand interface
